Tabbed components disable routing (#5945)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/CreateEdit.md

* `saving`: A boolean indicating whether a save operation is ongoing. This is passed automatically by `react-admin` when the form component is used inside `Create` and `Edit` components.
* [`warnWhenUnsavedChanges`](#warning-about-unsaved-changes)
* [`sanitizeEmptyValues`](#setting-empty-values-to-null)

> * [`syncWithLocation`](#syncwithlocation)

Reviewer: I don't think the anchor matches the autogenerated section id

- `className` is passed to the tab *header*
- `contentClassName` is passed to the tab *content*

### Sync With Location

> You can also opt out the location synchronization by passing `false` to the `syncWithLocation` prop of the `<TabbedForm>` component, in which case, the `path` prop on the `FormTab` components will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also opt out the location synchronization by passing `false` to the `syncWithLocation` prop of the `<TabbedForm>` component. This allows e.g. to have several `<TabbedForm>` components in a page.
```

            </FormTab>
            <FormTab label="body">
                <RichTextInput source="body" validate={required()} addLabel={false} />
            </FormTab>
            <FormTab label="Miscellaneous">
                <TextInput label="Password (if protected post)" source="password" type="password" />
                <DateInput label="Publication date" source="published_at" />
                <NumberInput source="average_note" validate={[ number(), minValue(0) ]} />
                <BooleanInput label="Allow comments?" source="commentable" defaultValue />
                <TextInput disabled label="Nb views" source="views" />
            </FormTab>
            <FormTab label="comments">
                <ReferenceManyField reference="comments" target="post_id" addLabel={false}>
                    <Datagrid>
                        <TextField source="body" />
                        <DateField source="created_at" />
                        <EditButton />
                    </Datagrid>
                </ReferenceManyField>
            </FormTab>
        </TabbedForm>
    </Edit>
);
```
{% endraw %}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: When `syncWithLocation` is `false`, the `path` prop of the `<FormTab>` components is ignored.
```
